feat(stepfunctions-tasks): allow region override in call-rest-api task (#33252)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-stepfunctions-tasks/README.md

});
```

By default, the API endpoint URI will be constructed using the AWS region of 

> the stack in which the provided `api` is created. Passing in a `region` string, 
> such as `us-west-2`, will instead construct the endpoint with the given region:
> 
> ```ts
> import * as apigateway from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-apigateway';
> const restApi = new apigateway.RestApi(this, 'MyRestApi');
> const endpointRegion = 'us-west-2';
> 
> const invokeTask = new tasks.CallApiGatewayRestApiEndpoint(this, 'Call REST API', {
>   api: restApi,
>   stageName: 'prod',
>   method: tasks.HttpMethod.GET,
>   region: endpointRegion,
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the stack in which the provided `api` is created. 

To construct the endpoint with a different region, use the `region` parameter:

```ts
import * as apigateway from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-apigateway';

const restApi = new apigateway.RestApi(this, 'MyRestApi');

const invokeTask = new tasks.CallApiGatewayRestApiEndpoint(this, 'Call REST API', {
  api: restApi,
  stageName: 'prod',
  method: tasks.HttpMethod.GET,
  region: 'us-west-2',
});
```
